c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\bin\Debug\ContactsClient.exe.config
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\bin\Debug\ContactsClient.exe
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\bin\Debug\ContactsClient.pdb
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\ContactsClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\View\ContactsCatalog.g.cs
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\ContactsClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\ContactsClient_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\View\ContactsCatalog.baml
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\ContactsClient.g.resources
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\ContactsClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\ContactsClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\ContactsClient.exe
c:\users\larinpo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\obj\Debug\ContactsClient.pdb
C:\Users\LarinPO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\bin\Debug\ContactsDatalayer.dll
C:\Users\LarinPO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\bin\Debug\ContactsDatalayer.pdb
C:\Users\LarinPO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\bin\Debug\ContactsShared.dll
C:\Users\LarinPO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ContactsClient\ContactsClient\bin\Debug\ContactsShared.pdb
